now we have melody time which is so
similar to make my music that actually
I'm sir wondering why they didn't just
call it make my music too I mean it's
almost identical different variations of
songs most of the modern sung by modern
singers a little bit of poetry thrown in
and even some straightforward stories
it's pretty much the exact same thing
and just like make my music that's what
works pretty good too you do have your
straightforward narrative some of them
more forgettable than others but you
also have your selections of
straightforward music and you know
sometimes even straightforward poetry
the poem as lovely as a tree sing that
is especially nice it's just the Disney
animators drawing what they hear as the
poem is read with a nice soothing music
thrown over it it works pretty well
there's also a really cool section
called bumble boogie which reminds me a
lot of the pink elephant sequence it's
just a bee flying around to a
whacked-out version of flight of the
bumblebee as the music is literally
trying to destroy them it's really
chaotic at least to some fun imagery the
one that probably stands out the most is
the Johnny Appleseed one when I was a
kid I really liked it well it's a
teenager I got a little bit more cynical
and started making fun of it now that
I'm older I actually find myself really
liking it again it's got some real heavy
atmosphere some real heavy visuals and
some of those backgrounds are just
incredible yeah it's still a little
corny and I do make fun of it sometimes
but it still holds up it's the size and
scope that they give something that
seems so relatively simple and yet they
show that took so much dedication that
image of the apple trees becoming the
clouds that's one of the most surreal
things I've ever seen
I remember it even stayed in my mind is
a little kid and it really really is
gripping in fact it's so good it
probably could have been its own movie
I'm sort of wondering why they tucked it
away in here the Lord is good
me and so I thankful are are giving me
the things I need the Sun and rain and
an apple see yes he's been good
let me bit of trivia when I was a little
kid in Catholic school they actually had
this as the prayer we said before craze
isn't that weird
and they told us not to sing it - how is
that possible
you can't say these words without
singing it it can't be done we did it
anyway and I'm sure God knew we were
thankful for the group and then the last
segment they end on is Pecos Bill son
through a lot of folk and country music
this is also fun too and really creative
but again why did they end the film on
this I mean it's funny it's enjoyable
and it's catchy but dude did you see the
Appleseed one I mean that was far
superior Pecos Bill just ends on a guy I
don't even know what note I'm not sure
if it's sad I'm not sure if it's happy
it's just kind of odd like I said I
don't have a problem with it I just
don't know why they closed on it but
either way melody time has some really
good shorts in it as well as some good
music and really great animation the
atmosphere is really heavy in this one
again maybe not Fantasia heavy but there
are points where I hits that traditional
Disney charm that only Disney can have
and they recreated quite well here
melody time is definitely one to check
out